all right check it out guys this Trevor
James we are with mr. taster we are in
Tehran Iran in a local morning market
and today comida is bringing us for a
full on food adventure yeah we're gonna
go to tiger's paws are full cup of
Persian sandwiches today yeah check it
out
this is part three of nine of our
ultimate Iran food adventure series and
today we're going full-on for seven
insanely unique Persian delicacies with
mr. taster including getting invited
into the back kitchen and the Bob Pitt
of one of the best restaurants in Tehran
so make sure to watch all the way until
the end to discover them all with us
huge thanks to mr. taster and to Ali
from come to Persia calm for arranging
this whole trip let's eat
tastier mobile today cooler a 1972 Mini
wider working
Wow this market is busy yes move it oh
let's go to 17
they got Halim and ostrich - Salam Salam
hey kocha Shelley Madden we got ostrich
a lentil and noodle Persian herbs dude
right there
oh and yogurt and what's this here the
green this mint mint yeah look at this
that's the famous poem is a poem is a
that's the famous Persian noodle stew
for the world noodle - look at this
rapid fire we got herbal noodles
chickpeas we got curd going on
masha'Allah Wow ash rest a persian
noodle stew yeah so we've got this
another tight I'll show the valonqar ash
relay mint and then this is the Halim
the wheats do and he's topping the Halim
with brown sugar white sugar and sesame
and it goes right out to the hungry
locals wow you can get it to go it's a
big scoop Wow look at all the onions on
there the whole schmear say it's
delicious
[Music]
so here is the breakfast specialty yes
the Halim right honey yeah which is a
wheat and beef stew exactly he's topped
it with brown sugar sesame and sugar
regular sugar yeah it's got more making
it more pure more baby before and then
we've got the ash rustic yet which is
the Persian herb noodle and the mint on
top yes I'm Kurt and Kurt yeah and this
is astronaut valonqar and also local
employees really Fame
really yeah this is the Emperor is I
King yeah it smells like a breakfast
cinnamon cereal sweet it's in cinnamony
yeah and beefy and here's the ash
resting Wow you can see that mint oil
and the curd and the fried onion and the
noodle of course let's try it out Oh
chickpeas and beans and curd and sweet
onion noodle it's really minty yeah
that's unique
la Hache la la may I see hail a harsh
Moses and next up mister taster is
bringing us for the ultimate Persian
sweet bread soaked with date syrup and
cooking the biggest hand or non oven
you'll ever see will be going for we
call it Luna Vandy noon Gandhi yeah look
at all the spices Wow
super cool you likey renting this market
is so cool it is and we've got these
sugar beets over here
red bean for rings yeah and here it is
it's like a cave I'm so low that is the
biggest tandoor I've ever seen Wow so
this is whole wheat yeah and what I love
about Iran is how there's hundreds of
varieties of bread yeah and he's just
starting to make the bread so it's a
whole wheat with sugar that is the true
art to get it into those perfect round
balls
oh and we're just turning up the play
and I've never seen a bigger tandoor
I've been in my life that is a cave Wow
and they get really big you can see all
the sesame on there and look at the
paddle look how big that is
and it's going on the paddle mr. taster
there is turtle bringing my hair Wow
look at the size of that good luck to
the heroes the here s the king of bread
yeah the king of Nova oh and there it
isn't that amazing - the man you can
smell the sweetness of the dates yeah
the wholesome whole we do look a lot is
a Noongar kind of bread here yeah this
is bangali cake it's got one last it's
got dates in it and this is cake Yazdi
cake ESD how would you normally eat this
like this you just bring it up here let
me take something you can really taste
it down all year it's like a sweet
what's gonna that is one of the tastiest
breads I've ever eaten
yeah buckless a cake you look at that
there's walnuts State sesame in a thick
heavy bread you can just take a bite out
of the
that's thick there yeah sugar that makes
it delicious merci merci
thank you and next up mr. taster is
bringing us deeper into the market to go
for the buttery is tomato coupie de wrap
in the world extreme butter and lamb
juice Oh fresh honey right from the comb
Wow look at all the spices here
oh and mountains of saffron and dates
Wow
it's all here you got chilies and
tomatoes and all the fresh fruit you
could dream up with lots of food and
look at the saffron mountain Pinzon stop
and look at all these spices here buddy
so much look at this spice mountain and
look at the unique art all over the
walls here at this morning market and
now we're gonna go for kebab and local
Cuban ain't ya Salam follow me when I
was Saran we've got water here the bread
going inside Wow the kakou be there and
chicken kebab look at it just soaked up
the butter
koobideh onion parsley water tomorrow
look at look at this mouth and the
butter just melting oh and there it is
we're adding the more tomatoes and
butter look at that never seen that
before so many tomatoes and butter and
they just get sliced up into the juice
and that butter is gonna melt and go
with these cuvee day
and he's just adding koobideh into the
buttery tomato a goodness and those are
gonna be added with the Persian rattle
look at the butter on there that is what
it's all about
Wow we're just soaking that in the
butter poach my zester that is unlike
anything I've ever seen
nothing is that and there it is look
covered in tomato and dirt and there it
is oh my goodness it's so sloppy and
buttery oh-ho-ho that is the sloppiest
most buttery juicy looking lovely tomato
we a sloppy wrap I've ever seen here
with koobideh yeah and it's full of the
onion with rice yeah let's try it up
Wow my face on top will be there like
this
yeah right there yeah not is so buttery
mm-hmm so delicious this right here it's
worth coming to Toronto yeah
buttery Moneta wrong only in there oh
man
the best of the best of the best only in
Durant yes see this is super delicious
and we're gonna keep going and next up
mr. taster is bringing us to the
ultimate barbecue kebab platter and lamb
shoulder restaurant in Tehran and going
into the kitchen to see how it's all
made and this looks beautiful
what's up next it's a pressure is strong
we're gonna have the lamb shank
yeah yeah copied on orbit is the chef of
this restaurant and his really good
singer I see already cut up is the owner
of restaurant the fireman this is
chicken kebab this is Phillip kebab and
this is shish kebab coming tomorrow so
cruise I don't know
[Music]
and that's the technique right there
yeah that's the crispy rice from the
bottom soaked in Saffron how is that oh
and what's this here it's lime shine
cooked in oil yeah Wow look at the big
chunk of a broad bean bill rice yes it's
called the well honey pulao Baha Khalifa
la so we got the braod bean yellow rice
exactly the regular Persian rice rice
the lamb shoulder linka and onion
we got that oh and here's sapphire here
yeah and barbary Barbara's and then
we're adding on the crispy saffron rice
from the bottom of your hand right oh
and what's this this is a special sauce
and look at that butter water more water
wow that looks delicious
oh and we're adding even more this is
the onion tomato sauce yeah thank you
and what's this here we call it stop
you've done all of it so happy time I
make sauce yeah right out to the seating
area and this is the kebab platter
yeah wow that is incredible we got the
Cuvier the chicks kabob shish kebab oh
and then this is the best part my
favorite spot the grilled tomatoes yeah
covered in saffron butter
look at those oh and this is ours here
look at that
Persian meat merci
in the secret the copy down a bed fast
[Laughter]
wow what a beautiful sight so we got the
chicken in Saffron yeah
we got the box above back to Bob which
is leaner yeah right yeah exactly
we got the shish kebab kebab we call it
sleek sleek I know you know the tomatoes
those look really good lamb in it we've
got chicken chicken leg
we've got COO be dead and tatty i'm
barberries and barberries fried chicken
the coupie day is in the back here there
it's like a hidden Ruby day and then
this is what I'm really looking for is
right here for the shoulder there's a
special sauce on top which is saffron
butter and came on Shahi oil also tomato
with onion sauce as well with a special
Persian resurrection rods we're gonna
pour the tomato onion sauce or a bit of
both
he is rapping right right which is
bajalia polo well and the tardy go on
top and they've also given us a plate of
the tagine upside down
Rory's rice with saffron on the bottom
and I'm gonna take some of that tadig
with the rice tomato sauce and the Meads
this is the best food the best meal in
Iran oh and this is the herbal deal with
dried bean rice and butter - what I love
about this is how soft and righteous
yeah let's go for shish kabob shish
kebab oh yes capitana veggies yeah ready
yeah everything you need are you custody
Fatiha it's making it more delicious
this remind you of your home or your
yeah because it is for my shop so if you
miss home
you can come eat all of this yeah and
that meat right there it's so tender
okay it just falls off the bone and now
I'm gonna try that too cheap
[Music]
wow what an amazing meal yeah we've got
a big group of friends with us we're
gonna finish all this food and next up
we're going for perhaps the most buttery
kebab bowl in the world get ready for
the extremely juicy koobideh butter bowl
with bricks of butter it's my restaurant
Archie did
so it's kebab in a bowl yeah the kebab
where you really we're over here
koobideh yakoobi did Wow he's the king
of the kebab kebab here it's like
walking into a kebab production line
yeah smoky grilled tomatoes the coup
bday the best kebabs in Iran juicy and
tender you're walking into a butter
factory yeah it's so much and you can
see the butter just melting you just got
that tandoori smell optional extra
butter as a gift
oh one more prayer Wow so we've got to
be the sesame tomato and the green and a
green pepper and Phyllis kebab we
normally take the bread they take the
bread yeah put the kebab inside oh yeah
some COO be there for you and I'm just
gonna cover it Oh Persian butter Persian
so much more let's go
[Music]
Oh can they go get it and this kebab is
more famous inaudible my dad came from
ID bill is well already yeah see dad's
hometown meat exactly
[Music]
oh you can really just mix it in there
really good
[Music]
[Laughter]
thank you
wow that was honestly some of the best
meat I've ever eaten super delicious
merci thank you that was really
delicious
Wow people are so friendly here and next
up for a midday snack mister taster is
bringing us to try the ultimate Persian
energy drink made with the longest list
of fruits and spices and one of the most
unique drinks that you'll never trouble
next up we're just exploring the streets
of Tehran yeah
going for the majoun my tune yeah Salaam
Salaam
this is the smoothie station and here's
the fresh batch look at that banana
vanilla saffron ice cream vanilla oh
what's this date juice and coffee Coco
is so unique
cinnamon banana sauce there's so many
ingredients in here coconut powder oh
wow and what's this for hours
mohammadi granola sesame opus Tashi oh
there is so much going in here rosewater
Oh Africa that is a full-on Persian
maroon energy drink one more saffron ice
cream oh thank you
looks amazing so this song
oh oh it's so unique in the flower
yes that's the mohammadi flower Oh
mixing right there it's the best
smoothie you'll ever thank you it's so
nice thank you bye bye and last up to
finish up the night mister taster is
bringing us to try classic Persian
sandwiches from his favorite sandwich
joint in Teheran to finish up the night
we're just driving through Tehran we're
going for an extreme Persian sandwich
and this is it right here yes so what
should we get I think we should give one
Olivia one frame and one tongue and
bandagi Pandaria Zeppelin thank you
going in to get the brain since there's
the brain that's gold
oh and this is the tongue here yeah v on
beef tongue yeah so we got lamb brain
beef tongue yep and is that beef sausage
sausage and onions and isn't that a
beautiful sight oh here we go
Oh tongue delivery and then add tomato
and pickle I'm because I'm part of the
onion and part oh nice oh and here comes
the brain that's the one I'm looking
forward to trying look at that boy in
the Bendery
looks amazing and we're gonna get
another sandwich yes we're gonna have
the Olivia Olivia
the Persian potato salad yeah and we got
five Sanders sandwich inertia thunders
version oh so long to treat oh yeah and
there's the tongue just grilled in that
oil they're boiling it before they throw
yeah oh so it's really soft
exactly
[Music]
nice soft and now we're gonna go for
pandering I'm gonna write for the chili
oh yeah my favorite part aside from the
filling is the bread yeah it's really
good it's good little smoky
yeah spicy a little sweet from the onion
and peppery and it's really good with
the kids
yeah everything with the parsley merci
see you thank you can you tell them it's
sandwiches are some of the best I've
ever had
yes on these Justin birthday no push my
face on you jo-jo for that thank you
thank you thank you thanks a lot mr.
taste there yeah that was an awesome day
you guys can check out mr. dot taster on
Instagram in the description below also
got to give a big thank you
the peach girl Overland come to Peru
calm if you guys are thinking of
checking out Iran they put together this
amazing show thanks a lot thank you